React: Add an Optimize Performance guide (#3969)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/45 Optimize Performance/10 Keep Elements out of the Main Function.md

> If an object literal does not require an access to the variables, you can extract if from the function body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an object literal does not require an access to component properties, you can extract if from the function body.
```

> 	<!-- tab: App.js -->// Incorrect:

Reviewer: Do not use tab symbols because different text editors interpret them differently.

    function App() {
    // ...
    return (

>             <!-- ... -->

Reviewer: Add only a 4-space indent to each nested line.

```suggestion
        <!-- ... -->
```
